All right, so we're making
some really good progress,
and this video will cover step five
of enhancing the ProductListComponent
to search for products with the ProductService.
So let's move over to our product-list-component.
So this is product-list-component.ts.
Let me clean up here
just so I can have more room for my editor.
I'll move in here and I'll define a new property,
at searchMode, it's of type boolean.
We'll use it in this video
and we'll also use it in some follow-on videos.
Alrighty, I'll add a new method here
called handleListProducts.
And I'll actually do some code refactoring.
So the code that I currently have in listProducts,
I'll move this code to the new method handleListProducts.
So let's go ahead and cut this
and then we'll move it down to that new method.
And I'll show you the reasoning for this in a second.
All right, so handleListProducts basically had a copy or cut
of what we did from our previous listProducts method.
And so in this method we'll call this.handleListProducts
just to kind of keep the flow going.
But what I want to do is actually add some logic here.
So if we're in searchMode, we want to call method one,
else, we'll call method two.
So let's go ahead and define or assign
the value for this.searchMode,
and I'll basically just check to see
if this route has a parameter for keyword
because if it does have a keyword parameter,
then that means that we're performing a search.
And remember, the keyword parameter
came from the route configuration that we set up earlier
and also from our SearchComponent.
When the user enters our search data,
we're going to navigate to the URL
and we'll give /search/ whatever that given keyword is.
And so remember, that's passing from the SearchComponent.
So I basically just checked in to see
if that keyword is there, that keyword parameter is there,
then we're in searchMode and we need to do
something different with our coding logic here.
So I'll say if this.searchMode,
then we need to do search work,
so I'll say this.handleSearchProducts.
That's a method that we haven't defined yet.
We'll create it in a second.
But then else, so we're not in searchMode,
so just go ahead and list the products
like we've done before.
So that's the basic reasoning here
for kind of refactoring the code a bit
and extracting that given method.
All right, so, of course, that means that we need to create
a method, handleSearchProducts, so we'll do that now.
And in this method, I actually need to get
the actual search keyword that the user passed in,
basically reading that parameter.
So, I'll make use of this.route.snapshot.param.get
and I pass in keyword,
using some similar coding that we've done before
and some of the methods below.
So now I need to search for products
using that given keyword.
So I basically make a call,
this.productService.searchProducts,
I pass in theKeyword,
and then we do our normal work of doing a subscribe.
The date that that's returned,
we simply assign it to this.products,
and we've seen a lot of this basic coding here before.
Alrighty, so this coding looks okay, this looks pretty good,
but (laughs) you see an error there on the screen,
searchProducts, that's not defined in the service right now,
and we'll actually do that
or define that method in the next video.
So stay tuned, we'll cover that.